Automatically enable Rest API if port is set (#7225)
PegaSysEng/artemis: CHANGELOG.md

- The `/eth/v1/beacon/blocks/:block_id` endpoint has been removed in favor of the v2 Altair endpoint `/eth/v2/beacon/blocks/:block_id`.
- The `/eth/v1/debug/beacon/states/:state_id` endpoint has been removed in favor of the v2 Altair endpoint `/eth/v2/debug/beacon/states/:state_id`
- The `/eth/v1/validator/liveness/:epoch` endpoint was requiring the wrong body input and now conforms to the beacon-api spec.

> - When `--rest-api-enabled` option is not specified where `--rest-api-port` is, `--rest-api-enabled` will be set as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `--rest-api-enabled` option is not specified and `--rest-api-port` is, `--rest-api-enabled` will now be set as true.
```
